 Open Source Licenses:--
 
 
 Open source licenses are licenses that comply with the Open Source Definition — in brief, they allow software to be freely used, modified, and shared.
 To be approved by the Open Source Initiative (also known as the OSI), a license must go through the Open Source Initiative's license review process.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 java meaning:---
 
 
 New generation, general purpose, versatile programming language that can run on virtually any type of computer (is 'platform and device independent').
 Developed in 1995 by James Gosling of Sun Microsystems specifically for network-heavy environments such as internet and enterprise intranets),
 it is a major part of the information infrastructure being developed all over the world.
 Like the C++ language (on which it is based) Java is object oriented:
 meaning its programs are built with 'modules' of code (like the Lego bricks)
 which can be employed in building new programs without rewriting the same code.
 
 
 AngularJS Introduction:------
 
 
 AngularJS is a JavaScript framework. It can be added to an HTML page with a <script> tag.

AngularJS extends HTML attributes with Directives, and binds data to HTML with Expressions.
AngularJS is a JavaScript Framework

AngularJS is a JavaScript framework. It is a library written in JavaScript.

AngularJS is distributed as a JavaScript file, and can be added to a web page with a script tag:



Node.js:-----



Node.js is a server-side platform built on Google Chrome's JavaScript Engine (V8 Engine).
Node.js was developed by Ryan Dahl in 2009 and its latest version is v0.10.36.
The definition of Node.js as supplied by its official documentation is as follows −

    Node.js is a platform built on Chrome's JavaScript runtime for easily building fast and scalable network applications.
    Node.js uses an event-driven, non-blocking I/O model that makes it lightweight and efficient, perfect for data-intensive
    real-time applications that run across distributed devices.

Node.js is an open source, cross-platform runtime environment for developing server-side and networking applications.
Node.js applications are written in JavaScript, and can be run within the Node.js runtime on OS X, Microsoft Windows,
and Linux.




Microsoft Azure:------



Microsoft Azure, formerly known as Windows Azure, is Microsoft's public cloud computing platform. 
It provides a range of cloud services, including those for compute, analytics, storage and networking.
Users can pick and choose from these services to develop and scale new applications, or run existing applications,
in the public cloud.

Microsoft Azure is widely considered both a Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) offering.





